this is a list of all the books that are not for skill:

note, the xyj01... books and the hmeng01... books are a
series of chapters from 西游记 and 红楼梦 respectively,
thanks to snowcat. however, there are many many of them,
and i really don't know what to do with them. to make
each and every one of them into a book for sale will
surely overload the bookseller. maybe we can build a
library somewhere. the books for sale, i prefer to be
either interesting stories such as those bula extracted
from bbs, or those that had happened within the mud
itself. of course if you take a story from the mud,
please make sure that the players involved agree to it.
i am thinking maybe we can build a bookstore in every
city and make them carry different books. but in any case,
for now, let me list what is available:

书名		城市		书贩子		价钱
──────────────────────────────
西游嘻记	长安		孔方兄		十两白银
扶乩真伪	长安		孔方兄		十两白银
昆仑记		长安		孔方兄		十两白银



a couple of other tips: if you want to write a book,
please look at EXAMPLE.c. when putting the book in the
game, make sure that the total amount from the book
seller is limited, since with infinite books a player
can turn gold into mihoutao and dan at their pleasure,
or reproduce more gold for that matter. for a reference
on how to limit the total number of books for sale, you
can look at /d/city/npc/bookseller.c

if you add any books, of course, you should add them in
the list above...

9-27-97 pickle
